Previously on Hawaii Five-O...
You will return to
your task force on Hawaii,
to be my eyes and ears inside Five-O.
- Adam.
- I'm sorry
I was gone so long. I
just had to get away.
Welcome home, bro.
If you're so suspicious of the guy,
why'd you welcome him back to the team?
I want him where
I can keep an eye on him.
HPD's actually looking
to shift more resources
to Filipino territory.
It's all in there.
Noshimuri. Watch your back.
You sure this is safe?
It's a hell of a lot
safer than the last spot.
HPD's gonna be all over that
location tomorrow morning.
Yeah, interesting how that happened.
I suggest you keep your
theories to yourself, Endo,
or I'll be burying four
bodies tonight, not three.
_
Come back to bed.
I wish I could, Ms.
Townsend, but I really must
get back to work.
Well, my dinner's gone cold,
so... I may have to order
more room service later.
About that...
I, um,
I have a confession to make.
When I found out you
were staying with us,
I asked if I could bring
your dinner to the room.
You see, I am a big fan of
your Deirdre Naismith novels
and I was hoping you
might autograph my copy
of Murder at the Crossing.
What's the matter?
Didn't I give you
enough to remember me by?
N-No. No... uh, yes.
Y-Yes, you did. Of course.
I-I... It's just...
Oh, dear boy, I'm only joking.
It would be a pleasure
to sign your book.
"To my number one fan,
"Leo.
"You've got a devoted fan in me.
With love, Maureen Townsend."
Thank you.
May I ask,
when can we expect a new Deirdre book?
Not anytime soon.
That was supposed to be
the next novel, but...
Well, you can see what I think of it.
Y-You mean to tell me
that's... an entire
Deirdre Naismith novel
the whole world will never see?
Sometimes you have to know
when to let things die.
_
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Synced and corrected by ChrisKe -
-- for www.addic7ed.com --
_
Hey. I'm Reigns.
Welcome home, Mr. Reigns.
- Can I take your bag?
- No, but I'll take a hug.
I'm happy you're home safe.
It's good to see you.
So, how was everything over there?
I mean, I-I know you're not allowed
to talk about the details,
but, like, how did it go?
Yeah, it was good.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Hey, uh, take a right up here.
Uh, okay.
Uh, where are we going?
Just take the right.
Okay.
What exactly... ?
Been thinking about
this ever since I left.
That was nice.
Yeah. Yeah, it was.
I can't say I, uh, thought
it was gonna be in a car.
Well... you're the one
who told me to pull over.
Come here.
Thank you so much.
Living here all these years,
- it's my first time at this festival.
- _
Well, it's a literary festival.
It's for people who like to read.
- I like to read.
- Really?
Yeah, really.
What is that? I got a Tom Clancy
on my nightstand right now.
I believe that you have it.
I just don't think you have
the patience to sit down
and actually read the book.
What are you, a bookworm?
- I like to read.
- Uh-huh.
Hey. There he is. Harry Langford.
Hello, chaps.
Lovely to see you.
Good to see you. How you doing, buddy?
Good. Good.
So, why are we here?
Yes, well, it, uh,
it seems I've written
a best-selling book.
I'm sorry, did you just say
- you wrote a book?
- You wrote a best-selling book?
Honestly, it's all very surreal.
One day I just,
um, well, I sat down and I
just started writing this thing.
More out of boredom,
really, than anything.
And, um, yeah. Based on
my experiences with a,
with a generous dollop of
artistic license thrown in.
Couple of weeks later,
I have a manuscript, I send
it to a friend in publishing,
and the next thing you know,
I've got a seven-figure book deal.
- What?
- Just so, um,
I don't think I'm losing my mind here,
y-you wrote a book in two weeks,
and then somebody gave you
a million dollars?
$2 million, actually.
- Sorry. So vulgar to talk numbers.
- No, I mean, I'm disgusted.
He's disgusted,
but I'm okay with you
paying for dinner tonight.
It'll be my absolute pleasure.
Pleased to meet you, Mrs. Doyle.
I'm delighted you liked it.
What?
- Yes.
- Harry.
The dead drop
- in Kalemegdan Park...
- What's the matter with you?
Is based on real events.
Belgrade is a beautiful city.
I think you broke him.
I didn't do anything. What'd I do?
Belgrade can indeed
be a beautiful city, but...
it can also be quite a dangerous one.
- As I'm sure you remember.
- Ah.
Okay, who-who's that?
That is me.
Or rather, my, um, literary alter ego
Michael Blanton.
- I-I'm confused.
- Me, too.
Excellent. That was the idea.
MI6 regulations state that I can't
appear at any of these book events,
in case my face ends up in the papers.
- Ah.
- There are a number of people
who would put two and two together,
and, uh, I don't particularly
want a target on my back.
Right. Isn't he a target now?
Not while I've got my eye on him.
And that guy is an
unemployed actor I hired.
Lovely chap. But, uh,
whilst he looks the part,
he doesn't have the chat
to go with that suit.
Hence the, uh, earpiece.
It's very, uh,
it's very Cyrano of you.
De Bergerac.
Yes. My cunning plan seems
to be working out rather well.
Mr. Blanton is making
quite the impression.
Oh, that's me. Excuse
me for a second, please.
Hey, Lou.
- What do you got?
- Hey. Sorry to interrupt,
but we got a hot one
that's moving pretty quick.
HPD was called to two murder scenes
this morning, and
they seem to be linked.
Okay. How so?
Okay, victim number one is Makeo Palila.
He was a music teacher at Kuwili High.
He was found this morning.
He'd been garroted with
an antique ukulele string.
Now, the killer takes
a handwritten note,
pins it to the victim's chest.
And the note has some
kind of quotations on it,
and a name: Deirdre Naismith.
Victim number two
is Ilihia Makamae.
She was a bookstore owner.
Stabbed in the chest
with a vintage letter opener.
Same thing.
Note from the killer,
handwritten, quotation,
so on and so forth, and again
the name Deirdre Naismith.
I'm gonna send you pictures right now.
Who, uh, who is Deirdre Naismith?
Well, Deirdre Naismith was
a fictional crime writer.
And this character appeared
in a series of novels
by an author named Maureen Townsend
between the years 1917 and 1939.
And before you even ask, yes.
Whole lot of bodies
dropping in those books.
So we're thinking these
murders are just the beginning?
I just got off the phone with Duke.
Apparently HPD struck out in
their search for Endo Tanaka.
All right, they're saying
the trail's gone cold.
Despite the fact that we have
every port and every airport
on high alert, the fear is that Endo
may find a way off this
island if he hasn't already.
Well, that would
certainly fit the yakuza
standard operating procedure.
The last thing they want is
for Endo to fall into our hands.
And the information
he has, it could pose
an existential threat to
their entire business here.
Yeah, I understand all that,
but I haven't given up yet. Okay?
I know that, uh, over
the past few weeks,
there's been some
tension between us, Adam.
I also know that you did
what you did for good reasons.
That's why I want you
to get back out there.
I want you to get out there,
lean on your connections,
find out what you can because
if Endo is still on this island,
we need to bring him in.
- Yes.
- Can you do that?
- I can do that.
- Okay.
Hey.
I trust you. Okay?
Thanks, Steve.
Can I show you something?
So, both of our victims had
traces of ether in their, uh,
throat and mouth.
All right, so they were, they
were... I mean, they were drugged
before they were killed, but ether?
That's a strange
choice for sedation, no?
I was thinking that, too, but it
sort of goes with the whole, uh,
M.O., you know, getting choked out
with a ukulele string
and stabbed with a letter opener.
It's like a vintage murder art project
or something, you know?
Hey!
My man. What's up, buddy?
What's up? Welcome back.
I have a confession... it's
very good to see you, by the way.
Um, I've been sleeping in your bed.
It's all good, man.
It's just, you know,
it's good to be back.
- Joon!
- Hey.
What's up, Cap?
Good to see you, man.
What the hell you doing here, anyway?
Shouldn't you be at home
with your feet all propped up,
watching The Young and the Restless?
- Mm, see, it's good to see you, Cap.
- Tell you what, man,
you picked a head-scratcher
of a case to come back to.
- Check it out.
- Speaking of which,
I just got off the phone with the lab.
They finished analyzing the content
and the handwriting of those notes.
And the ink from those
notes, by the way,
from the 1920s.
Preliminary handwriting
analysis confirms
that both of those notes were
written in the handwriting
- of Maureen Townsend.
- Wait a minute.
We know from her bio
that Maureen died in 1974.
Well, here's where it
gets a little weird.
There was an Internet search.
It turns out that none of
the sentences of those notes
were found in any of
the published novels
about this character Deirdre Naismith.
But all is not lost,
because I think I might
have identified somebody
who can help us out.
It turns out that there is a woman
who is a world-renowned expert
on all things Maureen Townsend.
Her name is Suzanne
Ridge. She's on the island.
She plans to do a keynote speech today
at the literary fair.
- Just came from there.
- Well, you love books, so go back.
Deirdre was Maureen's greatest creation.
A crime writer who always
got invited into the most
coveted dinner parties and events, where
inevitably a murder would take place
and she would help solve it.
Here.
This is an example
of Maureen's handwriting,
taken from her journal.
You see how it matches
those two notes that you showed me?
Yeah, I can't tell the difference.
Yes, but that is not what made the hair
on the back of my neck stand on end.
These quotations...
They are word-for-word
copies of passages
taken from an unpublished manuscript:
Murder at the Colony.
I'm sorry, Ms. Ridge, but if
it's an unpublished manuscript,
how do you know about it?
Well, rumors of this
manuscript have been
swirling about for a hundred years.
It's the great white whale in
the crime publishing industry.
Thanks to my connections
to the Townsend estate,
I was able to secure exclusive access
to Maureen's letters and diaries.
Now, at the time, she abandoned work
on Murder at the
Colony in February 1920.
There's mention in
her journal of a tryst
with a dashing bellman.
Imagine, what if he had taken
her discarded papers that night? So...
I went out on a flier.
I reached out to the
bellman's descendants.
And... I struck gold.
The handwritten manuscript
had been in the family the whole time,
stuffed away in a box in the attic.
It was in remarkable condition.
A complete first draft of the book.
With a little bit of persuasion...
I managed to secure exclusive rights.
And, at my festival talk today,
I'm finally going to unveil
Maureen's plans for the last installment
in the Deirdre Naismith series.
Do you realize, what you just said
makes you a person of interest?
Absolutely.
Your prime suspect, I expect.
That doesn't worry you at all?
A little bit, perhaps.
But, honestly, to be incriminated
in a real-life murder investigation,
it's a little bit of a thrill.
Uh, well, in that case, uh,
where were you this morning
between 6:00 and 8:00?
Well, I ordered room
service at that time,
uh, and Kevin, my assistant,
took his breakfast with me,
and we went through my
schedule for the day.
Okay, well, we're gonna have
to verify that alibi, of course,
and, um, check with the bellman's family
- to make sure your story's accurate.
- Of course.
- I'll text Lou.
- While we wait on that,
what can you tell me about
the victims in the novel?
I mean, if this killer really is using
this story as a blueprint,
what can we expect?
There were four deaths in all.
The first victim was
garroted in the salon.
The second, stabbed in the library.
Okay, so our guy's not done yet.
The third murder
was the butler at the colonial mansion,
where the book was set.
His nightcap... poisoned with arsenic.
Okay, wha-what about the fourth?
It appears, from Maureen's diaries,
that Maureen felt
imprisoned by the success
of the Deirdre Naismith character.
She wanted to flex her muscles
and write something else.
So, her plan for Murder at the Colony
was to end the book by killing off
her most successful creation,
Deirdre Naismith herself.
She planned to send her off in
gloriously tragic fashion...
Tossing her over the side
of a red and blue sailboat
into the crystal waters off Oahu,
an anchor
tied to her foot,
weighing her down.
But, as history shows,
Townsend couldn't bring herself to do it
and she threw the manuscript away.
Suzanne, you are about to publish
the complete text of the
final case of Deirdre Naismith.
It's highly likely you
- could be the fourth victim.
- Oh...
Yeah, so I-I think you
should probably cancel
that talk today,
just until we figure
out what's going on.
No... No. I can't cancel this event.
It's been planned to coincide
with the 100th anniversary
to the day of when Maureen
threw her masterpiece
into the trash.
Fans and literary press have traveled
from all around the world.
I am not going to let
some psychopath steal
this moment from me.
From Maureen!
Besides, if I just
avoid the ocean and
sailboats, I'll be fine.
Mm, Kevin,
this is Commander McGarrett
and Detective Williams.
Pleasure to meet you both.
These books need dedications for some
of our VIP guests.
Oh!
This is one of my most
treasured possessions.
It actually belonged to Maureen herself.
- Huh.
- Fancy pen.
How did you, how'd you end up owning it?
A fan
gave it to me at a book signing
in Minneapolis about a year ago.
Hmm.
No chance you got that fan's name?
No.
It was wrapped when he gave it to me,
so I had no idea what a...
special gift it was until I opened it
at the hotel later that night.
May I see it?
Well, yes, certainly.
Thank you.
- Oh, that's a nice pen.
- Mm-hmm.
What on earth is that?
It looks to me like a transmitter.
So, if this pen was in close proximity
to your laptop, that would enable
somebody to get access
to the hard drive.
Yeah, and you'd have no idea.
Well, it seems like we just
figured out how somebody else
got their hands on that manuscript.
Hey. Hey.
So, no surprises, but alibis
for both Suzanne Ridge and her assistant
Kevin Tapley both checked out.
According to hotel records,
Suzanne ordered breakfast
for her and Kevin.
The room service runner delivered it,
and he remembers this vividly,
because Suzanne tipped him
a hundred bucks.
And cell records also place them
at the hotel at the time of the murders.
All right, we-we have this
new evidence that says somebody
could have absolutely
gotten that-that manuscript
from Suzanne's laptop.
And, about that,
lab confirmed exactly what you thought.
That device you found in Suzanne's pen,
that would have enabled
anybody on the receiving end
to grab files from any
computer within range,
including this theoretically
protected manuscript.
So, not only did the
killer get a sneak preview
of how the book ended,
by obtaining the handwritten manuscript,
he was able to trace
the relevant passages,
and then produce those notes
that he left on the victims.
It was very smart,
giving Suzanne that pen.
All right, let's look
at auction catalogs,
see if we can find evidence of the sale.
Okay, if we can ID the guy
who gave it to her, then
we're one step closer
to finding our killer.
The name
is Blanton.
Michael Blanton.
Pleasure to meet you.
Double-oh-seven?
Try triple... oh-seven.
Harry?
Thank you very much, appreciate it.
Junior, Tani, thanks for coming.
Yeah. Of course. Any more developments?
Actually, yes, but,
uh, let's go over here.
Um, as McGarrett no doubt told you,
I've been using an earpiece to
feed my actor chap his lines.
When the, uh, device
wasn't transmitting earlier,
I feared the worst, but in
the last couple of minutes,
he switched it back on again.
Now, he's rolling around
in the trunk of a car.
Here, this is live.
Please, I'm not who you think I am!
I'm an actor! My name's
Gabe Darsyk! Please...
Come on.
All right, well, the good
news is, he's still alive.
Yes, but he could be in
an awful lot of trouble.
Right, because the
kidnappers think it's you
in the trunk of the car. The super spy
with a head full of state secrets.
They're probably taking him
somewhere to rendition him.
Or it could be one
of many injured
parties I've pissed
off over the years.
And I take it that's
quite a long list.
Well, I can't lie,
but this could turn
very nasty, very quickly.
Harry, you got to help me, please.
We will. Don't worry.
I'm assuming you can't
tell us where they're taking you.
No. No.
They haven't said, and I can't
see anything from in here.
Please, Harry,
please help me. I
don't want to die, man.
All right, Harry, we might
be able to use your comms link
to try and trace a signal.
Tani.
Yeah, one step ahead of you.
Hey, you got something?
Yes, sir. Per your
request, we have procured
a list of attendees for last
year's event in Minneapolis.
That's where Suzanne got the pen.
Then we cross-referenced these names
against TSA records,
travel records to Oahu.
Okay, we're just playing the
odds here, but I-I'm pretty sure
our killer isn't the
only Maureen Townsend fan
- that would've made the trip.
- Right again.
There were four
attendees from last year's
event that came here
to hear Suzanne talk, so...
we texted their photo to
Suzanne's phone to see if
she knew any of 'em.
Had our answer in about 15 seconds.
Collin Hansen
is who she ID'd. Um, he's a mechanic,
no kids, never been married.
He's been on Oahu for three days.
Well, I'm pretty sure we can guess
how this guy's been whiling
away his hours while he's been
on the island. All right, we
got to, we got to grab this guy,
and quick, before he drops another body.
Oh, business must be good.
I heard you've been
making the rounds today,
asking questions.
Just one.
Where's Haru?
You seem concerned.
I didn't know you cared about Haru.
He was my contact for information.
I'll have a new contact for you soon.
Where is he?
I put him on a plane.
He's taking care of
something for me in Japan.
In Japan, huh?
That's right.
And what about Endo? He in Japan, too?
If you're feeling the pressure
of living this double
life of yours, let me know.
I'd be more than happy to
put you on a plane, too.
I hope you got good insurance
on this rental, Harry.
Right now that's the least
of my worries. Drive it
- like you stole it, my friend.
- If you insist.
Okay. According to the trace
on Gabe's earpiece,
they're still on the move.
Kidnappers are heading
north through Nanakuli.
Oh, wait.
It looks like their little
drive's come to an end.
The signal stopped moving
outside a warehouse at what
looks to be the intersection
of Ma'aloa and Mahihi.
Okay, I'll call HPD. I'll
have them set up a perimeter
and wait for us there.
Listen, please. I-I-I know
you guys think I'm, like,
this treasure trove, like, of,
like, sensitive intelligence
or whatever, but I'm telling
you, I'm just an actor.
All right, y-y-you
could look me up.
Look me up. I-I went to
University of Cincinnati,
- School of Drama, class of 2011.
- Shut up!
Okay! Just,
please, look, I'm from Mason City, Iowa.
I am, like, the least British
person you have ever met.
Here. Now transfer the money.
- Money? What money?
- Oh, that's not good.
Your money, slick. We read your book.
We know about the gold
in Switzerland, bank
accounts all over the world.
- We're taking every single penny.
- That's what
I'm trying to tell you. I
didn't write the damn book, okay?
I have, like, 60 bucks...
You think that we're stupid?
No! Hey, we know you got
a million dollar advance.
But I don't have the money.
Okay, okay, wh-wh-whoa-whoa. Okay.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Pay attention, pay attention.
See that right there?
That is our account number
to First Island Bank of West Bay
Okay.
- Hey.
- Yeah, yeah.
Start the transfers.
- Okay, okay, okay, okay.
- Do it now.
- Or eat a bullet.
- Okay.
- _
- Collin Hansen. Five-O. Open up.
- Clear.
Take a look at this.
These are photocopies of the manuscript.
These are the same sentences
that appear on the murder notes.
Look at this tracing paper.
He's been tracing Maureen
Townsend's handwriting
until he got it down.
Yeah, Noelani, go ahead.
Another body and
another handwritten note.
The circumstances of
this murder match the M.O.
of your killer. I'm in the backyard
of a private residence here in Makiki.
The license in the vic's
pocket lists him as Joel Butler.
There's your Butler.
All right, you got a cause of death?
Officially, no, but I can
make an educated guess.
I found this vintage bottle of arsenic
placed deliberately
next to our vic's body.
Well, that certainly tracks right along
with the vintage methods of murder
that we've been looking at.
I also found a human hair by the bottle.
It didn't match our
vic's, so I ran it, but
- the DNA wasn't in our system.
- All right, keep us posted,
Noelani. We'll be in touch, all right?
This is troubling.
What do you got?
She's next.
If she doesn't cancel
that talk right now,
she's a sitting duck.
Gabe, it's going to be okay.
We're a couple of minutes out.
I want you to do what
the kidnappers are asking.
Go to my bank's website, Taft London.
Transfer them all of my money.
The entire balance of ten million.
Dollars?
Gabe, if you're ready for the
password, clear your throat.
Very good.
Okay, the login name is HarryL1.
The password is all caps...
LAN6F0RD... with a six for
the "G" and a zero for the "O."
You know, for a spy, you really
should have a stronger password.
I'm just saying.
_
Damn it.
Stop screwing with us.
Gabe, cough again if you need
me to repeat the password.
And enter the password now.
Gabe, did you hear me?
I said clear your throat
if you need the password.
Say it louder this time.
The hell are you talking about?
Uh...
Nothing. Uh... nothing.
I was just talking to myself.
I think the question is...
- who's he talking to?
- Okay, okay.
Wait, wait, just...
I don't know who the hell is listening,
but I'm gonna spare you
having to hear your friend die.
Harry!
You sure you don't want
us to come with you?
Trust me. I got Gabe
into a total dog's dinner.
I'm the one to get him out.
All right, well,
at least take a gun with you.
Afraid not. Going
in unarmed is the,
Besides, uh, surest path to success.
if I need a gun, I'll, um,
I'll just borrow one
from the kidnappers.
Hello, chaps. Now, now,
let's not act rashly,
not when I'm here to make
sure you get your money.
That's right. I'm the
gentleman you're after,
spy turned memoirist.
This poor lad is just
an actor I hired to, uh,
to be my public face.
I'm unarmed,
and I will happily wire you the money
if you stay calm and
ensure nobody gets hurt.
And considering you've read my book...
Thanks for the support, truly,
you've no idea what a brutal business
publishing is, and
every little bit helps...
You'll know
that, um, it's no idle threat
when I tell you that, if
you become unreasonable,
I'm going to have to put you both down.
So...
shall we do this the nice way?
Get up, get up, get up.
Make it fast. No funny stuff.
Wouldn't dream of it.
_
Done. The money's all yours.
$10 million, not bad
for a morning's work.
If it's all the same to you, my friend
and I will take our leave.
We have a signing event to get to,
and I need to sell a book or two.
Not so fast.
You leave when we get
confirmation the money's there.
The three homicides today
match perfectly with the
murders in the book, okay?
Come on, y-you really want your boss
to be a match for the fourth?
If it were up to me, Suzanne
would cancel the event,
but she's headstrong.
That said, you're more than welcome
to try to convince her yourself.
Okay, we can be pretty convincing.
Officer, all quiet?
Quiet as a mouse, Commander.
Nobody been in or out.
Ms. Ridge?
Hello?
Open it.
Suzanne!
I need a paramedic in here now!
- Got it.
- No, no, no, no! Suzanne!
Okay, stay with me.
Come on, breathe, breathe.
Suzanne.
Oh, thank God.
Suzanne, can you hear me?
Suzanne, hey, hey.
She's pretty out of it, man.
I think Hansen must've ethered
her like he did the others.
He left a note.
What, does this look familiar to you?
Looks like the last page of the novel.
Hey, Danny, look at that.
- Hey, John McClane.
- All right.
We need to lock down this
hotel, update the APB.
I want every cop on the island
looking for Collin Hansen.
He couldn't have gotten very far.
Now, that's what I like to hear.
Just spoke to our man in the Caymans.
The money came through.
And he's cashing it as we speak.
And with that... we'll be on our way.
It's a pleasure doing business with you.
What kind of a plan was that?!
Are you serious?! I thought you
were supposed to be some kind
of a super spy. I
mean, that was the least
James Bond thing I have ever seen...
Just-just watching you roll over
and give those guys $10 million.
Calm down, dear boy.
It's all being handled.
_
Excuse me.
I'll take that, thanks.
All right, come on, let's go.
Harry, dear.
I got your money back.
Maria, darling, I knew I could
count on you... Thank you so much.
Now, we didn't get to discuss terms.
I assume you'll be taking a cut?
Oh, Harry. That won't be necessary.
'Cause I'll be taking it all.
You should have called me
back when we were stationed
in Athens.
Live and learn, right, darling?
Oh, dear.
- How's it going?
- Have you made any progress
in determining who that maniac was
who tried to kill me?
Yes and no. Uh, have you got a second?
I know you're about to get onstage here.
Of course.
- Okay, good thing. May I?
- Sure.
Um... okay, so, apparently, the killer
came into your room
through the air vent, right?
So, what we did, we-we
traced that air duct back
to an access point,
hoping that maybe we could
catch this person
on-on a security camera
along the way, but
unfortunately that was a, uh,
well, it was a dead end.
The-the duct, it's been closed
for-for a while, like,
that passage, they're
working on the air conditioning
for the floor above,
so it's blocked.
In layman's terms, there is
absolutely no way that anybody,
let alone the, the killer,
could have gotten into your
room through the ceiling.
Plus, with an officer guarding the door
and balcony windows ten stories up,
we started figuring that maybe,
just maybe, that, uh,
whoever's behind this...
they were inside the
room the whole time.
Look, you staged this
whole thing almost perfectly.
I mean, you knew we'd
rush in to save you.
And I'll be the first to admit,
your performance in the bathroom
was very convincing,
but there is one thing
that you could never have known about,
and that was the sealed-off air duct.
- That's crazy.
- That's crazy? I don't know.
I don't know if it is crazy
when you think about what
a steroid boost these murders
have been to your new book.
Yeah, I mean, it's, it's pretty
wild out there. Standing room only.
That's the kind of publicity
some writers would kill for.
And, by the way, we have
a pretty good idea
who, uh, leaked the news
of a murder investigation
out to those media vultures
perched outside... Kevin.
You can't prove any of that.
Maybe not, but here's
something we can prove.
Suzanne, while you were
in your room preparing
for the finale of the
greatest publicity stunt
I've ever heard of,
Kevin here was out
doing your dirty work.
You see, folks, as law
enforcement officers,
we're obligated to look further
into your flimsy alibis.
And when we did so, we found that
Kevin here, well, his
didn't quite hold up.
See, all you had going for
you in that case was your word
and the presence of Kevin's cell phone
to say that he was
in the hotel with you,
but, come to find out,
Kevin was someplace else altogether.
Ain't that right, Kev?
Kevin, we found blood,
uh, in the trunk of
your, uh, rental car.
I had CSU cross-reference the
DNA from the blood to the, uh,
the hair on the arsenic bottle left
at the third crime scene.
Guess what, Kevin.
Perfect DNA match.
How'd that end up in your trunk, Kevin?
You killed Collin Hansen
and you put him in
the trunk of your car.
That's right, 'cause
Collin Hansen didn't kill anybody.
You just planted one of his
hairs on that arsenic bottle
to set him up.
Poor guy was just a fan of old
crime stories... Little
did he know he'd end up
being the victim of a new one.
All right, so here's
what's gonna happen.
You two are gonna come with us,
and we're gonna have
you sit in some very,
very uncomfortable chairs
for as long as it
takes for you to tell us
what you did with the body
of poor Mr. Collin Hansen.
Look, bracelets to go with your outfit.
Come on.
All right.
- _
- Thanks for letting me
- use the shower, man.
- Oh, least I could do.
Yeah, yeah, that is true.
Can I ask you a question?
Uh, why would you
check in to this baller suite
right after you just
lost all your money?
Oh, I may have lost some
money, but I certainly have not
lost my taste for the
finer things in life.
I have very fond
memories of this Leilani Suite.
In fact, uh,
you could say it's my happy place.
It's your... Okay.
Stay for a drink?
No, I got to catch a flight.
I have an audition first
thing in the morning.
Oh, I hope it's for something exciting.
- It's for a, uh, deodorant commercial.
- Ah.
But, got to say, after working with you,
I am very excited by the idea of boring.
No offense.
None taken.
Thanks for everything.
Thanks, Harry.
Coming.
Aha! Hey, good evening.
- Here you go, buddy.
- Oh, you shouldn't have.
I could call downstairs, get
them to send something up.
You're on a budget.
- Hi.
- Hey, young lady.
- Hey.
- Hello.
Hey, you're not staying?
No, I think I've, uh,
had enough excitement for one lifetime.
- So... enjoy.
- Goodbye.
So, you, um, you lost
$10 million, that's, uh,
that's a bummer.
Well, to be honest, Daniel, retirement
was beginning to bore me anyway.
I don't know.
- Maybe I'll go back to work.
- Yeah?
'Cause if you want to work,
there's a space on
this task force for you.
Well, thank you, Steve.
- But I don't want to do that much work.
- Ah.
I was thinking of
something much more low-key.
Yeah, well, I don't blame you.
Guys, I think the show's about to start.
Whoa!
Got you.
- Synced and corrected by ChrisKe -
-- for www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org